chore: update docs for FK-joins (#7628)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/joins/join-streams-and-tables.md

-----------------

ksqlDB enables grouping records that have the same key for stateful

> operations, like joins, into *windows*. At the moment, ksqlDB uses a fixed grace period of 24h:

Author: Without KLIP-36, it's not possible to specify the grace-period for stream-stream join windows (note, that there is not dedicated retention time, as KafkaStreams will set retentionTime = gracePeriod internally -- because the state stores are not exposed via IQ / pull queries, there is no need to allow for a larger retentionTime).

> operations, like joins, into *windows*. At the moment, ksqlDB uses a fixed grace period of 24h:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operations, like joins, into *windows*. At the moment, ksqlDB uses a fixed grace period of 24 hours,
```

> i.e., a record can arrive out-of-order for up to 24h and it would still be joined correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which means that a record can arrive out-of-order for up to 24 hours, and it's still joined correctly
```

### Co-partitioned data

For most joins, input data must be co-partitioned when joining. This ensures that
input records with the same key, from both sides of the join, are
delivered to the same stream task during processing. For some cases, ksqlDB

> may repartition the data if required automatically. However, there are some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may repartition the data automatically, if required. But there are some cases
```

Stream-Table Joins
------------------

ksqlDB supports INNER and LEFT joins between a stream and a table.

> An OUTER join is not available because it cannot be defined with sounds semantics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An OUTER join is not available because it can't be defined with sound semantics.
```

      are no guarantees, which can cause missing results or leftRecord-NULL
      results.

> Table-table joins can be joined only on their `PRIMARY KEY` field, and one-to-many

Reviewer 2: If we're going to have `Foreign-Key Joins` be its own subsection at the same header level as `Table-Table Joins`, then I think we should still have a sentence in this section on table-table joins to clarify that table-table joins join on the primary key of both tables, and that users should see the foreign-key join section below for non-primary-key joins. Also, should we update the header for this section from `Table-Table Joins` to `Primary-Key Table-Table Joins` (and update `Foreign-Key Joins` to `Foreign-Key Table-Table Joins` too)?

| 14        |                  | d                |                  |                  | [null, d]        |
| 15        | D                |                  | [D, d]           | [D, d]           | [D, d]           |

> Foreign-Key Joins

Reviewer 2: Should we update this to `Foreign-Key Table-Table Joins` to clarify?

-----------------

> ksqlDB also support 1:N foreign-key joins.

Author: I think `foreign-key` is better than `one-to-many` as it's more precise?

> ksqlDB also support 1:N foreign-key joins.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ksqlDB also supports 1:N foreign-key joins.
```

> Many-to-many (N:M) joins are currently not supported though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many-to-many (N:M) joins are not supported currently.
```

For a foreign-key join, you can use any left input-table column in the join condition
to join it with the primary key of the right input-table.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add a subsection called `Semantics of Foreign-Key Table-Table Joins`, in order to parallel the other sections above?
